# In-the-Dark

Introduction 

In this Walkthrough Game ‘In the dark’, the developers are designing a 3D environment
that has a theme of spooky surroundings, where the character will be able to walk
through the area and see the view of the ocean and town, with a light house, a small
house, and a grave filled with trees, trucks of wood, walls, and wooden fences that will
surround the area. There are also broken streetlights and an electric board in the area
where the character can explore and view. Then comes the dock, where the player or
character can go and walk through it. So, the main part of this assignment is showing
the 3D environment effects for video using relevant software like 3D Max, etc.

Setting

The walk through starts from a dead forest, the player is surrounded by dead trees at
night. The environment was done in unity game engine. The light setup and other game
elements such as ocean, trees and sound were also done using unity tools and assets.
For lighting the developer used only spotlight and modified it according to the
environment. To portrait a night scene a night sky box from was used from unity asset
store. Spotlights were used all through out the environment such as in light house,
streetlight, and porch lights of the houses. The render pipeline used was Universal
Render Pipeline in unity. The light settings are shown below. 

Discussion the code

Two scripts have been used in this game one for player movement and other for light
rotation in the light house. For player movement the developer used an empty game
object and attached the camera using cine machine a tool in unity for camera to follow
the player and rotate the camera by panning the mouse. To move the player the
developer used a script to move in X and Y axis using the keys “WASD” and rotate
using mouse pan. For the second script the developer used a simple script to rotate the
light house light to rotate in clockwise direction.

walkThrough link: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1EdmiPdB22koeQcjpP-0K6quH2eAj4Ky7/view?usp=sharing
